Need to update the policy path details under the section "Use Group Policy to manage the update location" (#4939)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/manage-protection-updates-windows-defender-antivirus.md

   6. Click **OK**. This will set the order of file shares when that source is referenced in the **Define the order of sources...** group policy setting.

> Note: For Windows 10, version 1703 till 1809, the policy path is Windows Components > Windows Defender Antivirus > Signature Updates

Reviewer: Recommended MarkDown Note format:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For Windows 10, versions 1703 up to and including 1809, the policy path is **Windows Components > Windows Defender Antivirus > Signature Updates**
```

>       For Windows 10, version 1903, the policy path is Windows Components > Windows Defender Antivirus > Security Intelligence Updates

Reviewer: MarkDown Note format follow-up:
```suggestion
> For Windows 10, version 1903, the policy path is Windows Components > Windows Defender Antivirus > Security Intelligence Updates
```
